Hi everyone! How are you? The video?
I'm going to show off the bags I
I bought it in the annex press
the last video I did here on the channel
I asked you guys did you want them to
I made a video showing the bags
I bought it on a l'express and some
girls answered yes then today
I came here to show you the bags.
What I bought from express
Not many, but only four.
but to play for you guys have an idea of
how are the bags and if you like
of some of these, as there are some that
I bought it some time ago so I can
The seller I bought did not
be more on the l express is no longer
selling these bags if they have me
I'll leave the link here on the bench
information is in any doubt.
You can leave it here in the comments.
which I respond with greater pleasure
So I'll start with this one here.
michael kors
it is quite large this bag it fits
a lot of things
She ends up with the notebook in here.
sometimes when I wanted to disguise the
notebook I would carry in this bag and fit
very well you can carry it here on the shoulder
ye also take on the shoulder can lead
so on the arm and she has a beautiful color
which matches everything and is kind an off
white
written in black and here it is as if it were
a leather and comes with with this and worse
golden kayak a michael kors mk né
until by the time it does with pay
is still in perfect condition here
gold has not yet begun to peel
so the quality is relatively good
It's been a long time since I bought
is in perfect condition this bag looks
here below she has these little feet, right?
You see here the size of my
hand here so she has a good background
great
she has two divisions have zip and inside
I also have a mk here inside the liner
and here on this side well with those
compartments for you to place the
cell phone tool things so the
Her people are not that big of a deal.
makes a little noise but I think it was worth it.
I did not like it very much and she has zip and
perhaps two openings that thesis to
next I'll show it too
or less in the style of this cinema
square that she comes with a spike type
aquino closed two corners of the girl she
also has a square background in large
size of my hand talking comes with
the small strap , and a larger strap for
you put so transverse this
It's also taking a little time from here.
to peel then the quality of it
is also relatively good
the only thing that fell the spike here gives
to realize and here too the little foot
She is in gold and with stacks she closed it.
she's super different
besides having here if you still have this one
behind and to open type these folders know
with a doctor's handwriting
I think it's cool, too.
zipper and on the other side also has
cell phone inserts
pen anything and she is also fine
large inside her lining is also
more or less but speak valid
and I love this bag I already used it several
times and found it to be super
price I paid I 'll leave the
values ​​everything here
the box of tá information and the link to
still have sellers
now this bag is my photo, I love it
so the passion that was the first to
I bought it looks express and this klamt
which at the time was super fashion but me
I still use it because it is super practice.
She's a great size for you.
at party events that fit a lot
of anything however small it is
Cell phone cable fell makeup knows it all
so you need to take a party
It's up to here, and she has this lock here.
of skulls as if it were a ring and still
no pebble fell, it was super
Sorry because the rings are still perfect
perfect pebbles and pebbles
black I love I love this ring
silver with black stone her body
It is also very pretty and her clasp is
so I see it with this handle ac
is also quite beautiful is false is due
on one side and here's the door
compartments
It was worth it and it's been a while since I
I bought this was the first step in
perfect state
the pebbles so everything did not even have to roll
nothing dropped
It hurts, I love it and it 's the newest
that I had already made the last video that
was where I asked if he wanted a
video about showing
this from here
This is more to use on a daily basis.
more basic but also does not stop
be beautiful I already showed the video
Show me here quick as you are
what 's inside
she also has a very good space in
also has a zipper compartment by
cell phone
this one is lighter than the
other a little heavier
So this is great because of the day.
on the day
she's one more line too and comes with
transverse handle
good staff then was this I hope
Did you like this video?
any doubt can leave the
comments that I answer with the biggest
matter of pleasure to my joinha to
help me in the dissemination and
subscribe here on the channel
A kiss, bye, bye.